A collection of reference questions pulled from the proposed EU Digital Legal Personality Registration
(completion percentage: 10%)

Section 1 - White Paper Compliance 

 Definition and Basic Exemption
  The legislation states  state “ a document in such form and containing such information as specified in article 4  and First Schedule"
  Certain information specified in this Schedule may be omitted from the whitepaper if: 
  (a) disclosure of such information would be contrary to the public interest;
  (b) disclosure of such information would be seriously detrimental to the issuer, provided that the omission would not be likely 
  to mislead the public with regard to facts and circumstances essential for an informed assessment of the prospects of the
  issuer, the proposed project and of the features of the virtual financial assets to which the whitepaper relates;
  (c) such information is of minor importance only for a specific offer and is not information that will influence an informed 
  assessment of the prospects of the issuer, the proposed project and of the features of the virtual financial
  assets to which the whitepaper relates; or
  (d) disclosure of such information is found to be inappropriate to the issuer’s sphere
  of activity or proposed activity, as the case may be, or its legal form or to
  the virtual financial assets being offered, in which case the
  Whitepaper shall contain equivalent information
  when available.notices or terms not stated in White Paper or a properly published Addendum Shall be void
  
  Questions:
  Is the whitepaper dated?
  y or n 
  If not date whitepaper and proceed
 
  Does the whitepaper contain a non-technical introductory summary?
  y or n 
  If not provide summary and proceed.
  *Note* for the purposes of this summary "key information" means essential and appropriately structured information
  which is to be
  provided to investors with a view to enabling them to understand the nature and
  the risks of the proposed project, the issuer and the virtual financial assets
  that are being offered to them.
  
  Does the white paper include the names and roles of the persons who wrote or contribute to the white paper?
  y or n
  If not includes names and roles of drafters of white paper and proceed.
  
  Is the purpose of the arrangement clearly explained?
  y or n
  If not include purpose in white paper and proceed.
  
  Is there technical a description of the protocol, platform and/or functionality of the virtual token or virtual financial asset.
  y or n
  If not include technical description and proceed.
  
  Is there a detailed description of the sustainability and scalability of the proposed project included in the white paper?
  y or n
  If not include forward looking plan and proceed.
  *Note* registering a technical arrangment implies to the authority an intent to exist into the future for some time unless a completion
  or finalization date is included.  The authority assumes a competent strucure so that complaince can be maintained during growth 
  or transfers or administrative responsibility as well as being interested in seeing the sustainability of the concept from a general 
  perspective.
  
  Is there a clear and well thought out analysis of challenges and risks for achieving tghe stated purpose of the organization?
  y or n
  If not include the technology specific disclaimer of challenges and risks.
  
  Is there a detailed description of the charecteristics and the functionality being offered.
  y or n
  If not include charecteristics and functionality of any tokens of virtual financial assets owned or controlled by 
  the technology arrangement.
  
  Does the white paper list who issues the token or virtual financial assets?
  y or n
  If not list issuer(s)
  
  Does the white paper include names of the development team?
  y or n
  If not list development team members.
  
  Does the white paper list any formal advisors?
  y or n
  If n follow up question
   Does the the applicant have any formal adivsors?
   y or n
   If yes then include formal advisors in the white paper
   
  Does the white paper list any service providers whom it depend on to perform tasks for applicant?
  y or n
  If no include names of any and all service providers
  *Note* in all situations there should be at least one an independent systems auditor, typically there will be more than one.
  
  Is there a detailed description of the type and of wallet(s) used by any issuers? (only if yes to issuers)
  y or n
  if n provide detailed description of issuers wallet type.
  
  Is there a detailed description of the security methods in place to protect issuers wallet(s)
  y or n
  If no provide description of security measures taken to protect issuers wallet(s)
  
  Are tbere security measure taken to protect the integrity of the protocol against cyber attacks or hacks which
  is consistant with industry best practices?
  y or n
  Incliude description of protocl security measure and methods for protecting integrity of the protocol.
  
  Are there any activities that take place off the blockchain listed in the white paper?
  y or n
  If yes follow up question
  




  
  
  
  
  
  


  
 



